meet normally can't you be like other
kids your age his parents don't get it
he's probably up there fiddling with
this we jaw or is or marry his sister
doesn't like it either and the kids at
school it's abnormal always pick on him
but he does have some friends I like to
be alone Sudha why let's do it together
it's just that most of them learning
aren't exactly alive to see ghosts like
all the time
who's a good boy that's not his chin
[Music]
from the makers of Coraline the witch's
ghost is going to wake up
you've gotta use your gift of talking to
the dead to stop it this is crazy do I
look crazy to you
you are might want to give that a few
minutes to save his time this summer
you don't become a hero there's nothing
wrong with being scared
let it change who you are
ParaNorman wanna play some hockey